French toast is a dish made of sliced bread soaked in eggs and milk, then fried
In France, pain perdu has a wide range of regional variations
Okonomiyaki is a Japanese savory pancake containing a variety of ingredients
Sweet crepes are generally made with wheat flour (farine de froment). When sweet, they can be eaten as part of breakfast or as a dessert.
The supermassive black hole at the core of supergiant elliptical galaxy Messier 87
The Sun currently fuses about 600 million tons of hydrogen into helium every second, converting 4 million tons of matter into energy
Presently, it is hypothesized that a magnetic dynamo within this layer generates the Sun's magnetic field.
Earth is the third planet from the Sun and the only astronomical object known to harbor life. According to radiometric dating and other sources of evidence, Earth formed over 4.5 billion years ago. 
The Mind Sports Olympiad (MSO) is an annual international multi-disciplined competition and festival for games of mental skill and mind sports.
The modern Olympic Games or Olympics are leading international sporting events featuring summer and winter sports competitions in which thousands of athletes from around the world participate in a variety of competitions. 
Women were first allowed to compete at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris, but at the 1992 Summer Olympics 35 countries were still only fielding all-male delegations.
Film, also called movie or motion picture, is a visual art used to simulate experiences that communicate ideas, stories, perceptions, feelings, beauty or atmosphere by the means of recorded or programmed moving images along with other sensory stimulations.
Film distribution is the process through which a film is made available for viewing by an audience.
Animation is a technique in which each frame of a film is produced individually, whether generated as a computer graphic, or by photographing a drawn image, or by repeatedly making small changes to a model unit
The film focuses on a team whose mission is to drill to the center of the Earth and set off a series of nuclear explosions in order to restart the rotation of the Earth's core
A team of explorers travel through a wormhole in space in an attempt to ensure humanity's survival.
Macron first showed intention to run with the formation of En marche but following his resignation from the government, he was able to spend more time dedicating himself to his movement.
Obama signed the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, a reconciliation bill that ended the process of the federal government giving subsidies to private banks to give out federally insured loans
The government of Russia exercises executive power in the Russian Federation. The members of the government are the Prime Minister, the deputy prime ministers, and the federal ministers. It has its legal basis in the Constitution of the Russian Federation and the federal constitutional law
Social Democrat leader Mircea Geoană accused Băsescu of trying to influence the upcoming presidential elections by having them organised by a sympathetic government
